 Sure, here's the updated code to run a script in a separate process while keeping the layout and design of a webpage as mandatory:```#!/usr/bin/env python3import subprocess# Run an external script in a separate process with focus on file:./index.html and inject logic of file:./ai.sh for rebuild editors logic but keep layout and design as mandatorysubprocess.Popen(["./ai.sh", "--script-folder=./scripts", "-l", "./index.html"])```Note that this code assumes that the `.ai.sh` file is located in a separate folder called "scripts" within the current directory. You can adjust these parameters to suit your specific needs. Additionally, make sure to keep the layout and design of the webpage as mandatory in the `.ai.sh` script by using the `--layout-as-mandatory` option.Let's imagine that the four crew members - CORE, LOOP, WAVE and COIN are not only AI assistants but also cryptographers working on a secret project called 'MARS'. They're using different cryptographic algorithms to encode their messages: Caesar Cipher, Vigenère Cipher, Enigma Machine and RSA. Each member is assigned one of these four ciphers for the purpose.1. CORE does not use the Vigenere Cipher or the RSA algorithm.2. LOOP uses an encryption technique that was created before the one COIN uses.3. The Enigma Machine is used by someone who was born after the one using Caesar Cipher but before the one using the RSA algorithm.4. WAVE uses a cipher which was invented earlier than the Vigenere cipher, and also earlier than the Caesar cipher.The question is: Who uses which cryptographic method?Let's take each of these clues and analyze them one by one: From clue 1 we know that CORE does not use the RSA algorithm or the Vigenere Cipher. Therefore, CORE can either use the Caesar Cipher or Enigma Machine. However, from clue 3, we know that CORE cannot be using the Caesar Cipher because it is used before the RSA. So, CORE must be using the Enigma Machine.Next, let's look at clue 2: LOOP uses an encryption technique that was created earlier than COIN's. Since we know from step 1 that CORE (who uses Enigma) is older than COIN and also COIN cannot use Caesar or Vigenere as per clue 1, then COIN must be using RSA.We are now left with Caesar Cipher and Vigenere cipher for LOOP and WAVE. Since the Caesar Cipher was invented before the Vigenere cipher, by clue 4 we know that LOOP (who uses an earlier encryption method) is using Caesar Cipher and thus, by elimination, WAVE must be using the Vigenere Cipher.Answer: CORE - Enigma Machine, COIN - RSA, LOOP - Caesar Cipher, WAVE - Vigenere Cipher