I understand that you want to use GitHub Actions in your CI/CD pipeline, which can be used also manually by the developer or automated via a platform like Jenkins or TravisCI. However, injecting scripts into specific files within such an environment is not common and might have different effects depending on how this setup has been set up beforehand (if any). The general steps for setting it will be:  1) Setup GitHub Actions in your repository to run jobs at specified times. You can follow the official documentation here https://docs.github.com/en/actions, specifically section on "Running workflows manually". This allows you to trigger actions when changes are pushed or requested by a review (e.g., pull request).2) Setup your CI server according to needs for this specific repository in step 1 of GitHub Actions setup document: https://github-actions[dot]com/guide/. The steps will include installing required software, cloning the repo and running commands on it or using prebuilt actions.  3) Inject content into file(s). You might want to use github's native markdown feature for this purpose which allows you to embed files such as .sh scripts in your README/README_MD文件 (this is the main readme document on GitHub), or similar alternatives.  4) When a change request comes, it should trigger actions and rebuild logic inside file:./ai.sh  using commands specified by step3 of this documentation https://docs.github.com/en/actions#using-commands . This would ensure that your system always has the latest changes in AI files when triggered for any reason (either manual or via a change request).5) Test everything thoroughly to make sure it's working correctly as expected and you have added security measures such as using encrypted tokens, adding secret keys etc. 6) If needed after testing ensure your setup has all the necessary access permissions so that actions can run properly in real scenario scenarios (specifically for file:./ai.sh injection).  7) Once everything is set up and tested thoroughly you are good to go with this CI/CD process, using GitHub Actions or similar tools as per requirement of your specific needs such a project setup would be helpful — but it's very subjective which tool fits best in the scenario. Your choice will have impact on how long exactly development time and effort is required for setting up processes etc., thus you need to consider that when making this decision based upon requirements, resources available at hand (like hours of dev/test team members).